Dearest Mamo, I bet
you're starting to
worry that all the boys
at school are trying to
ask me out 'cause
I'm too cute! But
don't you worry
about a thing.
You'll always be
the one and only
person I love in this
whole universe.
Miss you lots.
There. Done.
[sighing]
I still haven't
gotten a reply from
him. He did say
he'd be busy for a
while, but...
Hey!
Uh?
Oh, Haruka!
Michiru!
We didn't expect to
run into you at the
library.
What are you
doing?
Don't look!
Leave her alone. I
think it's pretty
obvious she's
been writing a love
letter to her
beloved.
[giggling]
So, has Mamoru told
you how much he's
been liking America?
Huh? Um...
Something wrong?
Mm-mm!
Everything's been
great, actually!
They'll worry if I tell
them I haven't gotten
a reply from him yet.
Oh.
I can tell she's
hiding something,
can't you?
Yeah but it's
not really like
Bun-head to do that.
It's concerning.
Friend or Foe? Star
Lights and the Sailor
Guardians.
[playing guitar]
Sailor Moon, huh.
Huh?
Is she friend or foe?
I can't really
explain it, but
sometimes...
I feel like... there
are moments when she
kind of resembles our
princess. Weird,
right?
They're two
completely different
people, Seiya. How
dare you even mention
them in the same
breath.
Okay. But, she
possesses power that
none of us have.
That doesn't change
things. It's still
not safe to consider
her an ally.
Furthermore,
there's no way she
could ever resemble
our princess.
But she could
possibly prove useful
to us at some point.
I'm afraid I beg to
differ.
Mako, this is
incredible! [giggling]
I can't believe our
school has it's own
strawberry garden!
[chewing] Mm!
Don't go overboard,
Usagi. And if you see
any green ones,
don't pick them
yet. They still need
some time to ripen.
I know. How about
we keep this our
little secret and eat
them all ourselves?
I'm willing to split
them fifty-fifty!
We can't do that.
We promised to bake
strawberry shortcake
with the girls after
school, remember?
Huh?
What's wrong?
I think there might
be someone else in
the greenhouse with
us... that's weird?
I was told the
Horticulture Club
would be out today.
Sailor Moon. Just
who are you?
I won't let her
die. I'll save her,
no matter what!
She wants to "save"
them? Only an
optimistic fool could
say such nonsense.
Someone who has never
seen real war.
How oblivious. She
has no idea of the
horrible things
we've been through
to get to this point.
Where is our
princess? Will we
ever find her?
What does it matter
if someone else is in
here?
I heard a rumor that
someone's been stealing
flowers recently.
So, if that's true,
we've gotta catch
the thief.
What?! But I'm
scared!
Shh!
[tripping]
Mako!
[flailing]
[grunting]
Oh, hey! It's
you.
And just when I
thought that I'd
finally found a place
where I could get a
little peace and
quiet.
Oh... I'm sorry.
No need to apologize.
It's not a big
deal.
You okay, Mako?
Taiki? What're you
doing here?
Fantastic. Another
noisy girl has
decided to show up.
I suppose that's
more than enough
reason for me to go
and forfeit this
place to you.
Huh? What happened?
You're bleeding.
Oh, you mean this?
Are you alright? you
must have hurt
yourself on the rose
thorns. Let me help.
No, I'm fine,
really.
I'll fix it!
There! You're all
better now!
I thank you. In
return, allow me to
recite a poem for you.
Huh?
O Rose, thou art
sick. The invisible
worm, That flies in
the night In the
howling storm: Has
found out thy bed Of
crimson joy: And
his dark secret love
Does thy life destroy.
Uhhhhh...
It's by William
Blake.
Who's that? Ha!
His name kind of
rhymes with coffee
break!
Uhhh--
Huh?
We don't have any
coffee here, but
you're welcome to
join us for a
snack break if
you want!
Mako bakes a perfect
strawberry shortcake!
It's really yummy!
Uhh--
What is with this
girl?
Oh no, did I say
something weird just
now?
Usagi, the
"Blake" Taiki
mentioned is the name
of a really famous
poet from London.
London? Where's
that? Do they have
food there? If they
don't, then who
cares?
Usagi.
[laughing]
Thanks, but I think
I'll pass on the
strawberry shortcake.
[laughing]
Sorry.
Oh, by the way... If
I recall correctly,
you're in the
Cooking Club,
aren't you, Makoto?
Huh? Yeah.
If you don't mind,
I have a small favor
I'd like to ask of you.
What do you need?
You're free to ask me
for favors too, Taiki!
Thanks, but no
thanks.
[groaning]
I'm scheduled to
make an appearance on
a cooking show later
and they requested
that I bring a
friend. I was
wondering if you
would like to be the
one to join me.
Seriously? Did
I actually just hear
you ask Mako if she
wants to appear on TV
with you?!
Wow! That's cool!
How lucky!
I've heard that
you're quite
skilled when it comes
to cooking, so I was
hoping you'd be willing
to help me out.
Sure, it'd be my
pleasure to help.
So, is there any
particular dish you
had in mind to make
on the show?
It really doesn't
matter to me. That
strawberry-thing you
mentioned earlier
should work. After
all, you have plenty
of strawberries,
right?
Well, yeah, but the
thing is, I promised
I would share them
with Rei and the
others, so--
So, she's willing
to do it, but you
have to agree to one
condition: Let me go
to the studio with
you guys so I can
watch the show being
filmed.
That's not a
problem, is it?
Wait, really?
Oh, uh...
I don't know.
I'll be Mako's
assistant! You
won't even know
I'm there! Pretty
please?
Seems I don't
really have a choice.
Fine, you can come.
Ah... What a
beautiful day it
is. It really makes
me wish I wasn't out
here working.
As much as I hate
having thoughts
like this,
lately, I can't help but
feel like all I am is
just a tiny cog
in a huge
organizational wheel.
Well, I know that's
the case, but still.
If this is all I'm
thinking about,
then I must be losing
my motivation.
Hang on... what's
Master Chef?!
A cooking show?
Ooo! I like what I'm
seeing here. I should
check this Tetsuro
guy out.
Huh?
[phone ringing]
Nezu speaking.
Master Galaxia wishes
to see you.
[nervous groaning]
You summoned me,
Master Galaxia?
[chuckling]
Hm?
[giggling]
So... Still no true
Star Seed?
Uh, no. Though, I do
have a potential
target in mind.
Again? How sure are
you that this one
possesses the true
Star Seed, Sailor
Iron Mouse?
I mean... well,
pretty sure?
[growling]
[screaming]
[groaning]
Now then. Please,
don't keep me
waiting any longer.
Yes. I understand.
[chuckling]
I think it's about
to start!
Tetsuro Yoshinogawa's
Let's Have Fun Eating
with Friends!
It's on! This
is so exciting!
Today's special
guest is Ko Taiki,
from the popular teen
idol group, The
Three Lights.
Hi there.
I don't know if you
girls heard, but I
guess Mako taught him
how to make the dish
he'll be showing off
on today's show.
Oh wow, it really
seems like idols have
to be able to do
everything, don't
they?
Mako's so lucky
though. I'm super
jealous that she gets
to be on live TV with
Taiki like this...
Also joining us is
his friend, Miss
Makoto Kino.
It's so nice...
t-to be here.
Come on, Mako! You
can do it!
All right! Then
without further ado,
let's have Taiki
and Miss Kino get
started on their
delicious specialty!
The recipe they'll
be making is homemade
strawberry shortcake!
Hang on, did he
just say homemade
strawberry shortcake?
I thought Mako was
supposed to make that
strawberry shortcake
with us so we could
have fun eating it
together!
What's the meaning
of this?!
This isn't good.
What else did you
expect?
Let's start with the
sponge cake, shall
we?
We'll need butter
at room temperature,
sugar, and a few
large eggs. Three of
them to be exact.
Would you mind
grabbing them for me?
Uh-sure.
First, we'll need--
That's strange, they
were just here.
Mako! Mako!! The eggs
are right behind all
that stuff!
Ah! This is so
stressful!
What am I gonna do?
We need those eggs.
[gasping]
[gagging]
What's keeping
those eggs?
Three eggs,
coming up!
Who let you on set?
Oops.
[gasping]
It's no problem at
all as long as you
mix it well!
Oh boy.
[sighing]
Hold on... Why is
Usagi suddenly
there, too?
I think we're gonna
have to have a talk
with her after this.
The next step is to
sift in the flour and
start mixing.
Ooo! Let me!
[coughing]
[coughing] What is
she doing?!
Slow down, Usagi!
You're doing it too
fast!
Really? So, I should
be doing it more like
this then?
Hey, Taiki, do you
think you could hold
the bowl for me?
Oh, sure.
Next, you place the
mixed batter into a
preheated oven
and start baking!
Okay, time to go into
the oven now!
Would you mind
telling me who you
are?
Ready or not,
here it comes!
Ha!
Now that I think
about it...
I knew it. Unopened
flour. So then that
means...
[yelling]
She used baking
powder instead of
flour.
What the hell is
going on here?! The
entire show is ruined!
Cut to
commercial!
We have to take care
of this quickly.
Prepare another
sponge cake!
Hm. Making such precise
decisions on the
spot. He really
is a master.
No doubt about it.
I'm certain he's
the one who possesses
the true Star Seed.
[grunting]
I don't get it,
Mako. I followed
instructions,
so what
went wrong?
That wasn't flour
you sifted in, it
was baking powder.
What?! No wonder!
[laughing]
Your face... is
filthy. Look.
[giggling]
Look who's talking!
Yours is dirty too,
Taiki!
[laughing]
It's been
twice now...
... that this girl has
made me laugh.
How many years has it
been since I've laughed
at something this hard?
Would you look
at that?
Now there's a sight
you don't see every
day.
No kidding.
Man, I screwed up
big time, huh?
Don't worry
about it.
Mr. Yoshinogawa
covered up our
mistakes so it's fine.
But you know, I think
the stunt you pulled
really caught the
cast and crew off
guard. It was pretty
funny.
She's right. I've
never seen anyone crash
a live broadcast.
Oh, hey! When did
you-- I'm so sorry.
Look, today's show
was fun. If you have
some time, you're
welcome to come
visit the set again.
Bye. Hope to
see you soon.
[gasping]
Did you hear that? Do
you think he was saying
I could be on TV again?
Yeah. I don't
think that's really
what he meant.
[screaming]
[gasping]
That's Mr.
Yoshinogawa!
[struggling]
[chuckling]
[gasping]
Usagi! Let's
transform!
Mm!
Moon Eternal Make Up!
Jupiter Crystal Power
Make Up!
Oh, no!
This Star Seed's
just another dud!
I'm gonna get in
trouble again,
aren't I?
Hold it
right there!
Huh?
We love to eat
delicious foods more
than anything!
Yeah. And?
That man makes
delicious food for
all to enjoy!
And we'll never
forgive you for
harming him!
Hm? Are you done
talking now? Cause I
was just on my way out.
I've no use for
this guy anymore. Do
whatever you want,
Sailor Chef.
They're all yours.
My work is done here
for the day, so time
to go!
Hey! Wait!
Buh-bye!
[gasping]
Sailor Chef!
Huh?
Sailor Chef will be
the one to take you
two on!
Uhh...
Throwing the frying
pan, into the fire!
[dodging]
[screaming]
[chuckling]
[grunting]
Jupiter...
Oak... Evolution!
[screaming]
[panicking]
Sailor Moon! Now's
your chance!
Mm!
Uh? I beg
of you... wait!
Huh?
Please spare me.
I'll make you
anything!
Maybe something
like this! Hm?
Wow! That looks so
yummy!
Sailor Moon, you just
ate a strawberry shortcake
not too long ago.
Everyone knows
strawberry shortcake
and chocolate cake go
into completely
different stomachs!
Sweet, isn't it?
Mhm! It sure is! And
it's really tasty!
[chuckling]
[gasping]
Now for my slice
and dice!
[yelping]
Huh?!
[grunting and groaning]
Did she just
save my life?
[grunting]
Star Gentle Uterus!
[screaming]
Mm.
Starlight Honeymoon
Therapy Kiss!
[struggling]
Beautiful!
Oh.
Uh?
Wow, Sailor Moon,
if she hadn't
protected you, you
might have been
in big trouble.
Mm-hmm.
She's gone. I
wish I could have
thanked her.
Hey. It looked like
you were having a lot
of fun today, Taiki.
I have to admit,
it's kinda nice to
see you laughing so
cheerfully again.
Why did I save her
back there?
Especially when
it's still not
clear whether she's
a friend or foe.
I don't think
I've never felt
this way before
today. So why now?
Perhaps, it has
something to do
with that girl.
Yum! This is so good!
Right?! And it's
amazing how things
taste even better
when someone else
is paying for it!
[groaning]
Man. There goes my
monthly allowance.
I can help you out a
little if you need
it--
Do not feel sorry
for her. This was
Usagi's fault and
she needs to pay the
consequences.
She's right! This
traitor gave Taiki
all the strawberries
Mako was going to use
to make us her famous
shortcake, just so
she could be on TV!
Uh, I think she's
already learned her
lesson,
so you guys can
let it go now.
[pouting]
Do you feel that? A
new wave is approaching
Earth once again.
Yeah. It could
possibly be the
biggest threat
we've ever faced.
Do you think this
world will ever
know peace?
Or is there no
end to our battle?
I don't care what
happens, as long as
I'm with you.
Aw, Haruka.
Usagi, did you hear?!
The Three Lights and
Michiru are doing a
joint concert soon!
Yeah, but Haruka
seems to have an
issue with Seiya.
Really? Wait, you
don't think it's
because they're
fighting over
Michiru, do you?!
I wish I could be as
popular!
Uh, hello? You're
already dating
Mamoru!
A girl can dream,
can't she?!
Next time on Sailor
Stars, "Calling of
the Shining Stars:
Enter Haruka and
Michiru."
The moonlight is a
messenger of love.